object: adding support for sse s3 for RGW (#10204)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md

$ vault kv put rook/<mybucketkey> key=$(openssl rand -base64 32) # kv engine
$ vault write -f transit/keys/<mybucketkey> exportable=true # transit engine

> * TLS authentication with custom certificates between Vault and CephObjectStore RGWs are supported from ceph v16.2.6 onwardsi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TLS authentication with custom certificates between Vault and CephObjectStore RGWs are supported from ceph v16.2.6 onwards
```

* TLS authentication with custom certificates between Vault and CephObjectStore RGWs are supported from ceph v16.2.6 onwards

> * `serverSideEncryption` chooses type of [server side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html) supported for RGW, it can be "kms", "s3" or both, if it not defined then uses kms

Reviewer 2: this comment needs to be updated

> * `serverSideEncryption` chooses type of [server side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html) supported for RGW, it can be set via boolean `kmsEnabled` for `kms` and `s3Enabled` for `s3`. If this option is not defined then RGW configured with `kms` options

Reviewer 2: If encryption is used, kms is the default, correct? How about bullets with some clarification something like this? And do we need a comment about what it means to enable both of them?
```suggestion
* `serverSideEncryption` chooses type of [server side encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/serv-side-encryption.html) supported for RGW:
  * `kmsEnabled`: Enable kms encryption (default is true)
  * `s3Enabled`: Enable s3 encryption (default is false)
```
